Create Tag page and add copy (#2141)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/tag.mdx

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import { TagAnatomy, TagBasicAnatomy } from '../../examples';

## Guidance

Tags are simple attributes containing metadata:

- Simple, brief and concise metadata to describe a resource or content
- Included in search, filter, and in the details of a resource
- Organize and group resources by common characteristics or attibutes
- Assisst batch actions and selection of multiple resources

## Anatomy

The most basic tags consist of two primary elements:

<Example plain>
  <TagBasicAnatomy />
</Example>

1. Border
1. Name

Tags can have additional elements depending on the tags’ intended use and context:

<Example plain>
  <TagAnatomy />
</Example>

1. Border
1. Name
1. Value
1. Close icon

Character requirements:

- Name : 1-128 characters
- Value : 1-256 characters
- Unlimited unique names for an account

> ### The Close Icon

Reviewer: I wonder if adding the `close` icon next to the title for me I almost want a visual

Applying the close icon is dependent upon the use case and not a requirement.

When to use the close icon:

1. Removing a tag in an editor
1. Removing a tag as filtering criteria
1. Use cases that require the clearing or removal of a tag from a resource

When the close icon should not be used:

1. Displaying tags for a resource in a detail view
1. Displaying tags where removal of the tag is not within an edit experience for the resource

## Name/Value Pairs

> Name/Value pairing with tags allow further organization and identification of resources. While this feature is not a requirement, name/value pairs can help users more clearly group resources.

Reviewer: up for debate:
Name/Value or Name-Value not sure which is correct but just  thought I would ask

Author: Could call -- maybe Name-Value since we have that in other spots already.

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import { TagAnatomy, TagBasicAnatomy } from '../../examples';
import { FormClose } from 'grommet-icons';

## Guidance

Tags are simple attributes containing metadata:

- Simple, brief and concise metadata to describe a resource or content
- Included in search, filter, and in the details of a resource
- Organize and group resources by common characteristics or attibutes
- Assisst batch actions and selection of multiple resources

## Anatomy

> The most basic tags consist of two primary elements:

Author: Good comments, confirmed that tag's background should not be set and should inherit the background of its container. I will add a note in the guidance.

<Example plain>
  <TagBasicAnatomy />
</Example>

1. Border
1. Name

Tags can have additional elements depending on the tags’ intended use and context:

<Example plain>
  <TagAnatomy />
</Example>

1. Border
1. Name
1. Value

> 1. Close icon

Reviewer 2: Bringing up a thought that just occurred to me from the text below.

Is this a 'close icon' or is this a 'remove button' / 'remove control'? Thinking 'close icon' is technically how it is implemented, but what is the function? We should be focussed on the function.

Author: Thanks, I've updated to "Remove button".

Character requirements:

> - Name : 1-128 characters
> - Value : 1-256 characters

Reviewer 2: Space preceding colon should not be here.
```suggestion
- Name: 1-128 characters
- Value: 1-256 characters
```

Also, for some reason the '1-128' is causing me to have to think more - I'm feeling a heavier cognitive load because I recognize there is a range, I skim it, glossing over the start value, anchor on the '256 characters', and then my eye has to backtrack to remind myself what the start value is and its simply '1'. May be just me, but does this flow easier?:
```suggestion
- Name: up to 128 characters
- Value: up to 256 characters
```

Author: I like "up to", implementing.

> - Unlimited unique names for an account

Reviewer 2: This seems out of place. It doesn't fit under "character requirements." I think the point is good guidance to provide, perhaps it fits better as a bullet along with:

"Tags are simple attributes containing metadata:

Simple, brief and concise metadata to describe a resource or content
Included in search, filter, and in the details of a resource
Organize and group resources by common characteristics or attibutes
Assisst batch actions and selection of multiple resources"

### The Close Icon

> Applying the close icon is dependent upon the use case and not a requirement.

Reviewer 2: Is this a 'close icon' or is this a 'remove button' / 'remove control'? Thinking 'close icon' is technically how it is implemented, but what is the function? We should be focussed on the function.

Author: Going with "Remove button".

<Example height="xsmall" horizontalLayout>

>   <FormClose />

Reviewer 2: I was expecting to see hover/interactive behaviors and the rounding. Execute as a rounded button?

</Example>

> When to use the close icon:
> 
> 1. Removing a tag in an editor
> 1. Removing a tag as filtering criteria
> 1. Use cases that require the clearing or removal of a tag from a resource

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The remove tag button may be used when:

1. Removing a tag in an editor.
1. Removing a tag as filtering criteria.
1. Clearing or removing a tag from a resource.
```

Author: Thanks, implementing.

> When the close icon should not be used:
> 
> 1. Displaying tags for a resource in a detail view
> 1. Displaying tags where removal of the tag is not within an edit experience for the resource

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The remove tag button should not be used when:

1. Displaying tags for a resource in a detail view. Use a [NameValueList](link to one of the value list examples?) instead.
1. Displaying tags where removal of the tag is not within an edit experience for the resource.
```

## Name-Value Pairs

> Name-Value pairing with tags allow further organization and identification of resources. While this feature is not a requirement, name-value pairs can help users more clearly group resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Name-value pairing with tags allow further organization and identification of resources. While this feature is not a requirement, name-value pairs can help users more clearly group resources.
```

### Creating Name-Value Pair Tags

The experience for creating a Name-Value pair tag occurs in 2 steps: Create the name and then create the value. Alternatively, select an existing name and create a new value.

## Assigning Tags

> Currently, assigning tags occurs within an editor experience in a modal or wizard. This helps to focus the task for the user. Tags are first selected and/or created, then assigned to the resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, assigning tags occurs within an editor experience in a [modal](add cross-links) or [wizard](add cross-links). This helps to focus the task for the user. Tags are first selected and/or created, then assigned to the resource.
```

> ## Filtering with Tags

Reviewer 2: Do we have an issue for us to add tags as a filtering mechanism to one of the filtering examples?

Author: Yes, that is a subtask of the overall Tag issue: https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/issues/2139
